style: run prettier on web/g-j (#20548)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/thead/index.md

- {{htmlattrdef("bgcolor")}} {{Deprecated_Inline}}

>   - : This attribute defines the background color of each cell of the column. It accepts a 6-digit hexadecimal color or a named color. Alphatransparency is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : This attribute defines the background color of each column cell. It accepts a 6-digit hexadecimal color or a named color. Alpha transparency is not supported.
```
